[KB-249] Max Abs Scaler (#162)
chhoumann/thesis-chemcam: report_thesis/src/sections/background.tex

\subsubsection{Standard Scaler}

\subsubsection{Max Absolute Scaler}
Max absolute scaling is a normalization technique similar to min-max scaling described in~\ref{subsec:minmax_scaler}. 

> The primary distinction between the two techniques lies in their scaling methodology: maximum absolute scaling normalizes the data to a range between 0 and 1 by utilizing the maximum absolute value of each feature, as opposed to employing the minimum and maximum values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary distinction between the two techniques lies in their scaling methodology: maximum absolute scaling normalizes the data to a range between -1 and 1 by utilizing the maximum absolute value of each feature, as opposed to employing the minimum and maximum values.
```

> Max absolute scaling is a normalization technique similar to min-max scaling described in~\ref{subsec:minmax_scaler}. 
> The primary distinction between the two techniques lies in their scaling methodology: maximum absolute scaling normalizes the data to a range between -1 and 1 by utilizing the maximum absolute value of each feature, as opposed to employing the minimum and maximum values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Max absolute scaling is a normalization technique that scales each feature individually such that the maximum absolute value of each feature in the training set is 1.0.
This results in data normalized to a range between -1 and 1.
```
